the trade war is on and it's getting
wild in today's video we're going to
break down what this means for you the
individual whether you're in the US
Canada Mexico or any other country it
will have an impact I'm going to cover
it all we'll also look at what happened
previously so you can have an idea of
exactly what's going to occur you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you my name is David qu and what I
do here at this channel since 2011 has
made the complicated stuff real simple I
have been highly accurate documented
here on this channel I pinpointed the
exact bottom of the market multiple
times here in 2022 hopefully people were
to take advantage of that with what I
said about uranium with what I said
about Lumber with what I said about
Janet Yellen no no no we don't talk
about that you have seen it the news
right now I'm recording this video it is
Sunday by the time the Market opens my
goodness it's going to be interesting
with all the data coming through Trump
's country after country with us
economic weapons we have gold that has
gone up tremendously over the last
little while markets looking red on
Friday Dow closing 300 points down one
by one by one all of these actions are
taking place what's going to happen is
this going to cause a new recession well
Canada will probably enter a recession
Mexico's got some own issues that
they've got to deal with over the next
little while the US throw is looking
strong the current is unbelievably
strong throughout this period there's no
question and with the Federal Reserve as
we'll talk about not cutting interest
rates that makes it even stronger they
don't have to use the ammunition they
can wait look we tend to think a lot
about merchandise Goods as being
Automotive Goods Furniture goods and
these type of heavy equipment Goods but
we should not forget that we also do a
lot of trade on the agricultural front
so we could see upward pressure for meat
prices upward pressure for dairy prices
those types of categories that directly
hit consumers wallets now of course when
you put a tariff on you know that it
will have an impact on the price there's
no question about it obviously this will
have an impact the idea here is we make
it up in some other way that's the idea
that they're creating okay you can do a
tariff here that will increase the cost
but we'll be able to lower the cost
through another method the country as a
whole
in the United States has too much debt
there's way too many deficits debt and
deficits coming in on all levels when
you look at the national level when you
at the personal level corporate level
everything is debt because the monetary
system is based around debt just like
the military-industrial complex will not
allow a reduction in spend it's not
going to happen there will be not a
dollar that is you know misallocated
trillions of dollars go here it's for a
reason it's for a reason into the black
hole it goes but not to you and I
Ontario to remove us alcohol from
shelves after Trump's tariff
announcement they're fighting back
Canada to slap a 25% tariff on
$155 billion of us Goods after Trump
initiates a trade War they're trying to
all that maple syrup that's going from
Canada to the US my goodness it's going
to have a tariff on it but I guess you
know Vermont probably has more than
enough so not to worry Trump says Canada
would have no tariffs as the 51st state
now this is interesting because there's
this has come up in the news of course
and the majority of Canadians would
probably benefit from this circumstance
actually um right now there's of no
benefit and and you know the there's
basically nothing going on in Canada
absolutely nothing uh so 51st state
situation would actually be beneficial
but let's be honest it's not happening
the people of Canada generally generally
are willing to accept worsening and
worsening conditions they they are in
favor of it actually as long as they can
get socialized Health Care it doesn't
matter how long you have to wait to the
hospital it doesn't matter of the fact
that when you actually go to purchase
your prescription medications that none
of it's covered under your insurance or
very little of it they just want this
socialized healthc care we need that
okay it's so important to have that
because that is good okay that Mantra
repeats over and over again it doesn't
matter how much you pay for your
groceries it doesn't matter how much you
pay for your gasoline none of that
matters what's important is that you
have to wait 12 hours at a hospital to
see a doctor now that is
progress China to retaliate after Trump
fires first Salo in the trade War 10% on
Chinese
Imports and you have to understand this
I'm not just reading you the news okay
this is all part of a broader strategy I
want to cover that right now you got to
look at what happened in the previous
instance to really gather what's going
on okay I just pulled up the notes Here
March 2018 Trump announced tariffs on up
to $60 billion of imports from China
then we had a US imposing 25% tariffs
then an additional 25% tariffs then they
posed it more 10% terar offs on more so
it's like okay we're going to put 25% on
these 25% on those 10% on these another
10% then goes to 25 is one after the
other after the other and they were just
you know going Wilder and Wilder and
then we had this back and forth oh my
goodness what's going to happen and it
started to escalate rapidly because one
side can't say oh you're going to put a
ter off on me oh I'm just going to sit
there and take it you've had all these
you know nonsense people all over uh X
and just you know others that were just
saying when the retaliations happen that
you know what you don't care about your
country why are you putting why are you
putting a tariff on of course they have
to put tariffs it's this a no like
there's no sense in all of this why are
you putting a tariff my goodness it
makes absolutely no sense when all we
need to do is negotiate and everything's
going to be just fine but they don't do
that uh for obvious reasons right okay
look trudo says our nation could be
facing difficult times in the coming
days and weeks and and certainly uh
there will be problems in Canada that
cannot be reversed oh you're going to
get a new leader oh it's Trudeau no
Trudeau's got the nicest hair out of any
leader you find me better hair on a
leader and I will I will correct that
statement okay that's what a leader is
all about hair hair hair
okay got to be you got to be funny in
the in the dark times right right okay
what's going on here though with the
Federal Reserve well of course if you
have inflation that starts to tick up
the Federal Reserve doesn't have an
excuse to continue to cut while all
others here you can see they decided to
keep rates at that level I posted about
this in the blog Community section on
the channel and I did an indepth
analysis on the finance Friday and if
you're like I can't afford to finance
Friday or whatever I don't want to just
get in the giveaway the giveaway is
every single time I make a video I do a
giveaway this time we're going to do two
so you can get in last time we only had
one person show up you've got to show up
and if you already won before it's okay
just do the giveaway again there's a
very high probability you're going to
win look they cut interest rates that
weakens their currency but Canada cut
interest rates the ECB cut interest
rates other central banks are cutting
interest rates and now the United States
went from 50 basis points 25 basis
points to Z they didn't even do it this
time their currency United States dollar
will remain King for the foreseeable
future and so what do people do how do
you take action what's going to happen
here look people are taking that second
job they're driving for Uber all that
stuff they're trying to make ends meet
they're not doing a second job because
you know they love it or whatever they
don't love driving Uber they're just
trying to make a few extra bucks so
what's happening here they got a problem
when people can't keep up with the Basic
Essentials look at this top AI investor
says goal is to crash human wages all
right now they're kind of making fun of
them is Mark andreon who uh started
Netscape okay Netscape all of those out
there who remember Netscape Navigator
this guy's basically talking about
crashing it yeah the goal is to bring
the cost of wages and everything down
super low and that makes the cost of
purchasing so for for example if you're
a company now you can produce that same
widget for much less your profit margin
you know if you were working with a 20%
profit margin you could still operate a
20% profit margin because you don't have
the human capital now your product can
be condensed in price it can come down
significantly in price now we have super
super cheap stuff there's just one
problem though we don't have jobs and
that's where it comes in you have to
understand the new ways they will be new
things okay we went from horse and buggy
to cars we went from no internet to
internet fax machines all these
different things have come and gone
there's still jobs okay but if you are
unable to retool fast enough you will be
without work that is a fact you must be
aware of what's happening the trends
that are occurring you can retool by
learning something new learning to
upskill oh I can't go to class Central
type that into a search engine class
Central get your stuff updated learn
some new things there's YouTube there's
all that you can start to I learned to
uh code I knew it from back in the day a
little bit had a little bit of
experience and then I got wise and
started to program my own I made my own
app for my Amazon business that helps me
each and every day we use it all the
time um look at this if if you want to
get in you can get to speak to me
directly Finance Friday giveaway will be
in the link below you can ask ask me
those question we need to do this we
need to you know basically get into a
habit of breaking these down long form
not this 10-minute nonsense it's too
slow it's too low um look at this get on
the money gps.com search around there I
got lots of free stuff there's the money
GPS called thing called compass compass
is fantastic I'm very hopeful that
people you know there's already
thousands of people that have made it
through it's a very basic by the way
heard almost no feedback from everybody
unless I forc something to give me
feedback give me feedback on Compass
thousands of people have been through it
what is your feedback it was a basic it
was a very simple thing that by the way
doesn't have links in here so it's not
trying to force feed you into the next
thing you just go through so you can
share that with friends and family
retool get ready you're going to embark
on a very difficult time and we need to
be able to be prepared for it in any way
start an online business have customers
all around the world maybe the place
that you live isn't the right place to
be get sorted get it sorted out okay if
you want me to give you a little kick in
the behind just email me okay go to
theone gps.com and don't um don't you
know uh make sure you get on that that
giveaway too okay so I want you to give
a th thumbs up to this video please and
I'm going to see you on the next one
take care